<p>1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far? </p>
  <p>It’s not unheard of someone of non-CS major to learn programming for a casual interest. I’ve thought you need to be a genius to become a developer but Ada inspires me to think better of it. I dream of working in tech industry. Learning how to code and getting on an implementation level knowledge of coding makes myself one of the career programmers, even helps me in performing data analysis (As worked for a mobile commerce start-up, I’ve always been interested in bring big value out of big data.) in the future.</p> 
  <p>I have 0 coding background. So far, I immerse myself in Ada’s Jump Start, started to dabble a bit in online computer science 101 class offered for free by Harvard, and reading the book ‘The Ruby Programming Language’ and coding related posts.</p>

<p>2. If you’re accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?</p>
  <p>During Ada’s 1-year program, I want to grow my proficiency in several languages and technologies, practicing the basics by trying to actually build something. Along the way after graduation, I will apply my passion and knowledge to consumer application, keeping learning different skills and, at the same time, having my eyes open for opportunities to advance myself in data mining that helps keeping/getting an competitive edge for my application.</p>
  
<p>3. After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community?</p>
    <p>In Ada's community, I diversify myself as a Chinese having an advertising/marketing background. In my understanding, inclusion is having me work well together with my potential classmates, understanding the diversity and richness of our backgrounds and using our diverse perspectives to support each other for career transition. I will be an advocate for women's career transition in technology for my whole life.</p>
    
<p>4. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?</p>
  <p>One of the mistakes I've ever made as work was in my last job. We're looking for an event agency for our showroom opening. I presented pitch documents from different agencies to my boss with my recommendation, while she went for the other agency which turned out to be un-professional in many ways. I made a mistake by not fighting for my reason so I had to deal with ignorant mistakes and fatal problems caused by them. I cut down a large portion of the 2nd payment and company’s purchase department put this agency on watch-list as a result of deficiency in their quality delivery. I learnt that I have to know what I’m doing, why I’m doing this and once I’m sure about it I should stand out and debate for it. Otherwise, I’ll be the one to take full responsibility for it.</p>
